Update Getting Started documentation (#5144)
swissspidy/web-stories-wp: docs/getting-started.md

To contribute to this plugin, you need the following tools installed on your computer:

- [PHP](https://www.php.net/) - version 7.2 or higher, preferably installed via [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)

> - [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/) (PHP package manager) - to install PHP dependencies, the minimum version is 1.10.x (warning: 2.x version may raise issues in package installation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/) (PHP package manager) - to install PHP dependencies. Preferably version 1.x (see #5083 for Composer v2 support).
```

Author: Done

First of all, you need to make sure that all PHP and JavaScript dependencies are installed:

> Install Composer, please use the following command or see [here](https://getcomposer.org/download/), to set Composer to a specific version (i.e. 1.10.16), run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Composer by following [installation instructions](https://getcomposer.org/download/), and then ensure to downgrade to version 1:
```

Author: Done

```bash

> composer require composer/composer:~1.10.16

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is not needed. `composer self-update --1` is all that's needed once installed via above instructions

Author: Got it, done!

> composer require composer/composer:~1.10.16
> composer self-update 1.10.16

Reviewer: ```suggestion
composer self-update --1
```

This would be the correct way to force version 1

Author: Done

First of all, you need to make sure that all PHP and JavaScript dependencies are installed:

> PHP will be installed on Mac by default

Reviewer 2: We don't prescribe Mac environments.

Author: Removed

Install Composer, please use the following command or see [here](https://getcomposer.org/download/)

```bash
php -r "copy('https://getcomposer.org/installer', 'composer-setup.php');"
php -r "if (hash_file('sha384', 'composer-setup.php') === 'c31c1e292ad7be5f49291169c0ac8f683499edddcfd4e42232982d0fd193004208a58ff6f353fde0012d35fdd72bc394') { echo 'Installer verified'; } else { echo 'Installer corrupt'; unlink('composer-setup.php'); } echo PHP_EOL;"
php composer-setup.php

> php -r "unlink('composer-setup.php');"

Reviewer 2: No need to duplicate Composer's install instructions.

Author: Removed

```

> Be careful about the version, make sure it is in 1.10.x (the new version might not work), way to target a specific version

Reviewer 2: Just mention the minimum version above under `## Requirements` and add a warning for 2.x.x.

Author: Added it to Requirements.

```bash
npm run build:js
```

> In order bring the entire project up, we will also need to start the php server, run:

Reviewer 2: `To run a local instance of WordPress, in a separate terminal:`

Author: Done
